I'm an engineering engineer, not a manufacturing engineer, sorry. And Matt is a wizard in computers. I think I've told him eventually, maybe not you, but Matt and me go back, what is it, 10, 15 years now? Maybe 10 years? No, longer than that because I've been here, so it must be 15 years. We became friends through our lives and did a overnighting trip together. Of course we know each other really well and stayed in touch over the years, but Matt's always coding this or doing this or building that. One of the things he built was a forex trading algorithm that trades forex while you sleep. It hedges bets and it made a lot of money. I didn't have the balls to let it run, so I failed. Eventually it wins. It's still running by the way, that's a good sign. And it's still making money, I'm sure. So after our meeting on Friday, and I'm going to try and make this short so we can get into the meat and potatoes, I called Matt, we spoke about how we host what we're going to do. And he was like, Chris, this is kind of serendipitous of the conversation, but I think I have a better solution for you. And this whole weekend, or in fact within like four hours, he had already got a better solution for us. And then this weekend me and him had spent building and I said, we spent, I've just been throwing data at him and he's been doing something with it. And so he's going to demo what I think is going to be the ERP replacement that we are going to go with. And I think he's going to replace Spectrum as well, long term. So we can run Spectrum, Smartsheet entirely, and Epicor, which would free up a lot of funds to do other things. So without further ado, I don't know if you want to add anything before we start sharing it, Matt? Maybe two quick things. One, we actually met through our dogs, because our dogs were friends and hence the wives were friends. So that's a little bit of fun fact. Very cool. Yeah. And then I guess on the software side, we were able to actually replace all of Epicor, Spectrum and Smartsheet from a financial point of view. So all three would go back into your budget as a zero cost. The solution that we're looking at is a combination of custom code, which we are now comfortably and safely able to do. What you've seen now is being built pretty rapidly. And everything can run on your own servers. So data sovereignty, big word. But going forward with the advent of all the new technologies that are coming out, that's a very important thing. So it's been architected from the ground up to maximize your competitive advantage in the market. That is the number one tenet. The software as a service history that we've all come from was a very good safety net. And then of course, we would extend. But I think we've all lived and breathed the challenges of customizing or tailoring other people's solutions. And I think it lands up becoming more complex. So on that note, let's have a look and see. Yeah, thanks for starting the recording, Chris. I'll share my screen. Yeah, guys, I missed the good part in the beginning. No, that's all good. That's all good. You guys want to sit closer. I've been looking at it. Why don't you sit here and I'll sit here in the back. Great. Do you have a blue screen that looks a lot better than my face? Yeah, only my face is really big. Your face and the blue screen. All right, focus on the blue screen. Okay, so everything that you see today has been built from the documentation that Chris provided and a few conversations. We do have, as mentioned, quite a lot of latitude, let's say, to go off and get the data from your actual website and then the data that Chris has sent. So all of this is secure and private, and it's got very specific security that Chris would have seen as well to log in and authenticate. You cannot just jump into this site from anywhere. It's behind a number of security layers. So I have to say that because that is the number one thing before we get into any functionality. So on that note, we've built what I would call a command center or a dashboard, which ultimately is the entire front end or the system that you would see and use every day. Behind that sits a new potential ERP solution that you could look at. It goes by the name of Frappe ERP or Next ERP. And the way that that works is it's a vanilla flavored out-the-box open source, which means that it is free for us legally and genuinely to take as it is and then extend. The reason that they offer it like that is that they're able to then extend or offer services that they get money for. In our case, we'd be doing that. So the ERP is, think of it as a big dashboard, sorry, a database that sits in the back end. It has all the screens, but it's ultimately the source of truth for everything that you're going to see now. The second thing would be the accounting and spectrum. Again, as in whenever that you would like to look at introducing a replacement for that, it is built directly and integrated into the ERP. So I'll show you that in a second. And then the third tenant would be what we're going to see today that would ultimately replace the smart sheets solution or any other visual screens and interfaces that anyone in the business would be able to use. It's been designed to maximize use of the AI technologies. It can also be an is voice activated, so you can talk to the system and it can provide you with information back. It's not boilerplate stuff from the internet. It is every prompt is actually built based on the data that you have in the business, and then we'll give you real answers. So it's not a generic type of tool. This is as deep as you can get into the data of your organization. So I'll start off with a slightly boring part, which is over here. And this is the ERP. This will not look particularly pretty, but hopefully what you see here above everything is on the left hand side. These are the dashboard welcome screen. Can you see it now? Sorry, too many windows. Okay, so this is the ERP. It does come vanilla flavored, which is simply black and white. And what we've done so far over the weekend is to tailor it to look a feel a bit more like the JWM colors. And then on top of that, we've added some of the data that Chris provided. So one quick example would be in the CRM. If we go to the customers, we have a number of customers that we've loaded. And of course, you can draw into each one and all the relevant data would be there. The thing I'm showing you here is just to evidence that we're able to pull the data in quite rapidly. And you will see this data physically shown in the tool that we're going to present. So on that note, I'm going to switch directly to the other one. Please let me know when it comes up. Hopefully it's up now. Okay, great. So one quick thing before we start. I absolutely love the Epcot building. So whoever did that, that is an absolute feat of engineering brilliance. So thank you in advance for that. As part of the work we did, we queried your websites and we pulled some of the information just to make it feel a bit more user friendly for your people. This blue box up here uses specific integration or security that is passwordless. So there would be no passwords in your organization going forward. The way that people would log in would be with biometrics, fingerprints, or your eyes, a selfie like you have on your mobile phone. So just to show you that. We're going to click on this one, which for the demo purposes. And this is where we land. To give you a walk through the layout, we start off with the user profile. So we've picked on Chris because we had his picture. We have also then introduced an AI chatbot, which you can see on the right hand side. And the data that is provided is specifically enriched on a daily or hourly basis, depending on how we schedule it. To look at the data that's in the system in the ERP and provide the most likely recommended things that you would like to talk to or query. So over here, if I click on that one, hopefully you will hear some audio popping up in a few seconds. This is doing a real live call analyzing the data in the ERP. And when it responds, it comes back with what you see up there. Here's where things stand across both divisions right now. Active work orders by division A, shop WAP, highlights WO226. Okay, so again, all customizable. We can remove the audio, but it shows that in the fullness of time, we will be interacting with the systems using voice more than we would be typing. Main reason is that we can convey our thoughts more clearly using audio. And it's much quicker to use audio than text. You can then drill into any of the details here, and there are hyperlinks that take you to the relevant pages. So I'll get that out the way for now, but thank you, John, for your assistance. Then we move to the left hand side, and this is the main menu. And everything that you see in here is what Chris has recommended that we put in terms of the demo and day one starting point. We start off with the dashboard that your team would land on, and it would give you a snapshot overview of all the operations that are going on in the business. The most important one here is arguably the anomalies or any issues that have been identified. You can then click directly into that, for example, and see what the nature of that topic is. And if you wanted to, you could create a maintenance work order for this particular item. That would then be sent off to the floor, and someone would pick up that task and get it actioned. If there are any questions at any point, please feel free, just go for it. I'm happy to stop and start as we go. Okay, so on the executive side, we split it into architecture and processing. This is real data that Chris provided. It does need to be... what's the right word? Some of it is older data, so we need to just true it up. But ultimately, this is reading from the ERP system that I mentioned before. If we look to the top right hand corner, you'll see I've left that in at the moment just to evidence which pages in the demo are integrated with the ERP, and which ones are using data that's held locally. We did move quite quickly in one weekend. I see. Yeah. Any questions so far? Chris, are we on track? Very good. Okay, good. From here, all of the different items that you see are of course clickable, and some of them aren't ready yet because it's the demo. But phase two, we'll bring that to light as we go. And again, just to highlight architecture and processing, I've got different dashboards, and they will obviously speak to different topics and different metrics. Everything that you see here can be tailored and customized very rapidly as to your needs. If we do get into a project, we would start with the screens up, and we would literally draw over or talk in a meeting and explain what you wanted to change. All of the changes get automatically logged into a system that I've built. It creates tasks for them, and then the tasks are automatically worked on and generated and then pushed into the new production build for you to actually then go and have a look at. So the iteration process is very, very quick. And let's call it in an hour or two, you can normally see the actual updates that you've requested. So there's no weeks and months delay for development. You're talking tens of minutes or maybe an hour or two. All right, let me try to go a bit quicker. So under architectural, we haven't built all of this out yet, but we do start off with the different project managers. Hopefully those look familiar. We can pick any of them. And each project manager will get a snapshot overview of all the projects that they have in progress, as well as the statuses, etc. Which they can then drill into and keep drilling in as you go. So as much data as we have, and however you would like to see it, we can tailor the system accordingly for that. Okay. And I think let's skip because these guys, I mean, as I said to you before, they care about the shop and engineering. So let's jump down there. Great. So we did have a bit more update. We'll skip, as Chris mentioned. So under engineering, the snapshot or overview shows us the key items. The pipeline we have built so far. And this, again, looks hopefully a lot like what you already have today. The difference, of course, is that it's just a little bit, you know, it's actually referencing the ERP. Wherever we have, we've added in filters. So you can switch between the A-Sharp and T-Sharp. And then you can switch between all the PMs and then the different severity types as well. So they're always switched based on, they're all in the low category at the moment. And again, different views, depending on how you'd like to see the data. Each of these will also give you all the sub information that you can draw into. And you'll be able to modify that as well as you go. And you can click and drag these as well. Same way we do it. What about on the grid view? On the grid view, is that something that we can drag those also? Or is that just on the card? It's just on the cards at the moment, but we can work a way to do that as well. Absolutely. I'll take a note of that to show you the next time. Great. Back to the overview. And as you can see, the queues are coming in phase two. But the routes we thought were quite important. And over here, this is a little bit above my pay grade. This is the specialty that you guys do. But in this particular instance, you're able to skip or move between the different processes if you have to repeat something. So for example, if something was machined and there was an issue with it, you could send it for polishing or finishing and then pass it back to that particular set of the process. These are configurable as well. So you can drag them around and you'll see that the order changes. And of course, just save and it would do that. So again, this would need to be built into the actual on the shop and engineering floor. But in terms of the look and feel, we're able to manipulate the work items accordingly. The route becomes an engineering function. So when you get an ERF and it says an ERF for processing or for architectural having released to the shop, that route becomes something that gets sent at that point. So it's sent and engineering? Yeah. So what I'm used to now is the estimate dictates the route. And we can drag and drop from the estimate there. And if the data for the routes in there, it can automatically populate. That's where I was headed to. Because like on the architectural stuff, we determine the route based on the job. But on the processing side, they estimate based on the route. So you can't read the estimate up. When we drag and drop it in, then you can just say, yes, that's right. And the other cool thing, and I'm going to jump, sorry, Matt, is when the guys are doing it in the shop and it is a requirement when he clicks next to send it to finishing, he can do that right then. And I'm sure Matt will show you that. So he changed the route. Give me two seconds. Yeah. I drag a file in here. And then, of course, this would need to be based with real data. But whatever you drag in there, there's a bunch of workflows and AI agents that look at the data that you've dropped in the document. And it will strip it out into the different bill of materials. You can then, and I appreciate this isn't your specific area, but you can create a work order from there and then release it to the shop floor accordingly. And that would probably be released to engineering. But yeah, same idea. So our estimate, we would just drop in here the completed estimate, and it would take the data and then fill out the work orders and everything. That's it. Okay. And then we can build the estimating stuff here. From now on, it would be dropped to estimate intuitive. Awesome. Now, what about repeatability? If I have the same thing running once a month from process, the route's good, the drawings are done, it's ready to go as soon as they release it, it can go straight to the shop without dropping through engineering. Is that built in or is that something we can look at? Not only can we look at it, we haven't built it yet, but the thinking was that they would be, but they're called human in the loop. It's a workflow and an approval process where it would automatically schedule that every month for every time period that you wanted it. It'll be sent to the applicable person who would one-click to approve it. And that, to your point, if you'd like it automated, we would just set the job to automatically run that through. I know this sounds a bit crazy, but if you can explain it in words, we can build it in hours. It's as crazy for me as maybe as it is for you. I do like the human in the loop thing, though. If a drawing has changed, we need to update a drawing, it's time to do it. Great. Cool. Okay, let's head to the shop floor. So again, the overview will show you any problems that are going on in the shop, and then you would want to dig in and have a look. We saw that on the first dashboard. But again, you would want a quick snapshot where you can see any issues that pop up, acknowledge and close them, or of course, dig deeper. The second one that we have is the scheduler. I'm just going to make it a bit wider. Let me know if that changes anything. But over here, we basically have taken all of the different assembly lines or processes, and you can see a snapshot of what each of the different projects is busy doing at any time. So for the Nissan one, you can see what's going on and which potential piece they're working on at the time. You can also drag and drop these up and down if you happen to want to, but we can add some filtering in here as well. One that might be quite useful is the work that's behind. So you can very quickly jump to any of the different options to see which ones are late, etc. I mean, it's there, there are filters, but quite powerful in terms of rapidly being able to see what's good and where you need to focus on. You can see where it was late from all those four. Not surprised. Just again, you can drill into everything and just see the detail behind it if you wanted to. So will this, this is the shop schedule. Is there logic to which ones it puts first? Is it just like, I guess we could build it in however we want to, really. It's exactly as you said. I got as far at the moment as I can, but if we could, Chris and I spoke about it briefly. We would just need to think about what that logic would be in terms of the scheduling. It could be done on time to completion, it could be done on financials, but any variable that you want, we could definitely schedule it and it'll prioritize accordingly. Ultimately, it's a work management application that could auto-balance the workload for the whole shop in the way that you would like it to do programmatically. This is the exact schedule that I sent you for the T shop and the A shop, so I'm sure you'll have a lot to say about this. True, thank you. What you see on the screen is what you built. It's just skinned with a few extra little bits, so it's exactly the way that you envisaged the next phase would be how we'd do it. Cool. That's great. You're going to like the efficiency of OneNote. Yeah, this is arguably no data, right? Jokes aside, this is the efficiency snapshot and it will take all the data from all the different production lines and basically show you where you're at. You can drill in by operation, as you can see by the operators, et cetera, et cetera, and you'll see exactly by person, by shop, by application, by workstation, what's going on, and then the actuals is also quite important because if you plan to do something whether you're above or below, I think that's probably quite important. Some of the projects you might be behind, but the ones that you're ahead, you can get that balance at the high levels that you're working at. Parts history as well we added. Again, that was one of the inputs that we had. Yeah, another one. You're able to log in efficiency events over here, put in your notes and put in any scrap if the actual, say, was higher. Oh, that's a bit high. Then we built in a little AI suggestion which would effectively take the text and the numbers that you've got and name it for you so it was something that was intuitive when you come back to look at this. As you know, you work with a lot of data and it becomes a sea of the same things ultimately, eventually. There's a couple of bugs here I just need to fix, but that is the efficiency events that you can log that will feed into the system. This is where they would input the data. So then you've got access to that. Yeah. Well, this is the dashboard I've been working on building. Great. Again. Data in the system instead of just being a stupid form that just dumps in whatever. Is the data that's in here real data? Yeah. I sent him your efficiency log. Oh, okay. That's right off the lot. So yeah, this is exactly the dashboard I've been trying to build. I mean, I sent him what you did and I sent him what Drew did. And the computer and Matt just replicated it. Yeah. So that's the most important part of this. Everything that you created we have taken to the next level and the next step is to take that to the next level. Great. Yeah. Switching to leads. Again, this isn't physically built yet, but that is coming. So I'm just now having to quickly look what I've got. But we have included the leads, also the shipping. As you'll see here, there are a thousand jobs that we haven't classified correctly yet. This is a legacy dump. But here you would see that it's a little bit better than me. But that's where we got to so far with the shipping. All right. The next one to show you is very briefly on the different workstations. You can get here from the overview. But this, and Chris and I spoke earlier about this one, we would need to recalibrate the way that we display this because there'd be too many job cards per section. But the flat laser, for example, would look more like your scheduler as in it needs a lot more represented there on the screen. And then we would have filters to make it easier and more intuitive to work with. While we're on that, very briefly, one of the things we may look to do if you want to put the data in the hands of everybody in the organization is probably put this on an iPad type of device. What that gives you is the larger screen because you need the real estate to see what's going on. And then secondly, touch, easy sort of punching numbers in on the floor as well as audio. You can speak to the system which can be quite handy. Does it have an auto-translator in it? It actually does. It can do multiple languages. What are you talking about good languages? It's the southern drawl. That is one of the languages. So, no, I did get you. They'll know you're renting because they are doing it. Click on some job 15 so you click on the guys cards and then you say tap to start. And now you're starting the job. Yeah, then you'd wait and at the end you could key in I built 23 of these. Was there any scrap? Four. And you can take a photo as well if you'd like. That's where the iPad comes in as well just to make it a bit more visual. I know this might sound a little out there but any of the images that are uploaded would automatically be tagged and pulled back into the system. So you would have A and audit history and it would start to learn what the things are supposed to look like and it could start to look for anomalies or do QA or quality control of what they actually put into the photograph. So it's quite a cool feature that we could add in time. So at the flat laser we have an iPad and it would show this screen and it would have six jobs on it. Start, run, start and then stop and then it would go away when they're done. That's it. That's perfect. We spoke even further we're obviously not trying to disrupt things but if there are any jobs that you could do on a repetitive basis going forward maybe there's a certain part that you produce a lot of you could literally run that 24 by 7 in an automated manner and the system would actually be the person that runs that line. That's some of the easiest stuff. You could look for the future to automate as you've probably seen some of the robotics and things come in so that is an option for the future. And when we finish here if they inspect I'm sorry I might have missed you say this but we could have said there was a burger so hand off to the next station and it says or deviate and send to finishing or deviate and send to need a quality inspector so we can at that point when he clicks complete deviate it somewhere else. So we never have to lie to the system to get it to do what we want if we can say what actually happened that's it. That's where the photographs come in because it's a data driven point that you can evidence what actually happened rather than I built 5 and there actually weren't 5 but it would actually know and again you can tailor it and from there on it's pretty much the same for all the different workstations and I don't want to end on a downer but yeah the rest of it is mostly still to be built but we have accounted for quality control as you can see safety maintenance the fleet I've actually got some inputs that we'll build on that next and then inventory as well which of course would be integrated with the ERP. The ERP is the business system and the ERP will always remain the source of truth above all so it is the data source that the business runs and this is the mechanism that you interact with that as you go. Accounting and finance again is part of the ERP just to switch to this screen quickly where are we accounting We don't have to go into this ERP except when we're trying to operate on the dashboard for instance on the visual side everything we'll operate is on the visual side not in the ERP itself. That's it. Great. Of course you as the main team would of course have access to the ERP if that's something you felt more comfortable with there will always ultimately be the most functionality in the ERP behind the scenes. So yeah, that's what we built in the weekend. Well done. Yes, very well done. I definitely can see the potential in it to do what we need it to do where you don't see that with out of the box softwares. Matt, let me ask you this. When we're talking about like historical numbers and historical data where is that is that something that we're going to capture and store? Is that what you're talking about storing offline or in a cloud? Yeah, so excellent question. I know this might sound a bit like witchcraft but in the past we had to really be quite careful about what we stored where and because of technology and cost and all that. There's no reason at all that we can't bring digital history right the way back probably not all 80 something years back but wherever you started capturing digital records we would aim to keep in here and not only just store but we would definitely I think want to run algorithms that can look into the data and see basically just anything that it can find in terms of trends, anomalies. It can look for your most profitable items, things like that. And again, I know that you simply cannot see. So all the data that you'd like to bring in would be the plan. And to push the boat further I told Chris this I'm very keen on this data sovereignty thing so having access to your own data not in somebody else's cloud somewhere else that you don't control. There really is no reason at all cost-wise that you could run two instances of this in two of your different locations. One production, one secondary. Active, active. So effectively it's a split system. You could even run three. So you would have a really, really high level of availability. So if there were any issues the whole production line doesn't get stopped. You can still continue and we can also split them per physical location as well with a batch upload at the end of the day type of thing. So you could put Starlink in one location and the final plant can continue operating and then it would just true up with the other system later on. But we can get into that. But certainly all the data. The more data the better. We can track things like downtime and insufficiencies that we have inefficiencies that we have. Those are things that we'd have to be able to see. Forecasting, like what if we got this big job that we're quoting? What does that do to our schedule and area planning? You know, things like that. Yeah, great question. Absolutely. That is specifically what this is all about. This is not a system that just dresses up your data in a nice screen. What you just mentioned now is the real reason for that. So we can definitely cater for that. I see this being a replacement for panel tracker because we make cutlists for all the parts to go out in the shop for reputation. I haven't even thought about panel tracker because it's a free software. So our C&Cs that run our ICM product, when we bought the C&Cs they gave us a virtual panel tracker, but we had a lot of difficulties getting the program to work as advertised. Sounds like a great option. The ERP again is natively does and it caters for that type of thing. So we would integrate that, we would basically extend the system to cater for that. You consider the barcode scanners, I take it you would want that. It would just be feeding the data into the ERP and then it would become part of this process as well. Just to be clear, the barcode scanner is capable in this system. Absolutely, yes. Awesome. I guess the only other thing that popped in my head is the inventory side of it. We have this assembly we make that has 20 different parts that go into it. Once they claim the top-level assembly, it'll take all this out of the inventory. Exactly that. I'm just jumping to the ERP now. That is one of the key parts of the system. Let me just switch to that tab. We don't have anything in here yet, but I think just really simply I typed in the word inventory and it comes up. It's one of the primary modules of the ERP. Above all, the inventory is the things that you have in stock that you're going to sell. So think production line. It's kind of where those routes, the route concept came in and you can see where everything is. Inventory would be one of them that will be calling in real-time to check your stock. You'd be able to track finished goods, everything right there. You would know what's concerned. That's kind of the question. This is exactly what I was trying to build on the Excel side. That's just it. This is just like a perfect combination of everything. It's so awesome. It's simply it's one place. The inventory's got the cost for the sheet center, right? I get the drafters putting square footage on parts when they put them in and calculate the actual cost of that panel and they mess it up and remake it. I think the extent we can take this is I got ideas. We need to now put it in a box and say we're going to bang it in this box first and then expand it because we need to get the schedule efficiencies and things to the shop for both architectural and processing done first. Then we add all the other stuff. Inventory is key to that. We need to keep it simple for how the data gets input. If we can do that, I think we can. I feel like we're on the right track of that too because just in the conversations that we've had the last five days, I feel like that we're learning so much more about AI and how it integrates with our abilities. I think we all see the value in it quickly. Absolutely. That's why I put these at the top. AI, live. Data, live. Again, we can strip these things out for production but this was a visual aid to show what is connected and what it's actually doing. It just takes some of that voodoo out of it and you can touch and feel and you can actually get confidence that what you're seeing is real, not just a system. Do you have a sandbox built yet? Yeah, this is it. This is a dedicated, secure sandbox that we can use for JWM. Both the ERP as well as this application. Currently hosted on a server literally sitting in my head. Again, we can move it to your infrastructure as and when you like. Awesome. I think I need to get you to look at my server first because I really love what it's been. It's a mess. It's huge. We spent a lot of money on it. How many terabytes? 130 terabytes? That's for the camera system we did. Okay. One thing that might be of interest... Yeah, one thing that might be of interest, we'll have a look at your physical server and see if it's capable of handling it. But the reason that I have this in my house is for that data sovereignty purposes. What you could install is an AI GPU. It's basically the card that you have on your server. And then all of your AI processing happens locally on site. So the only cost would be the cost of the GPU card itself. And then forever in its lifetime is free for you to run 24 by 7 as much as you like. We didn't get into all the boring stuff that Chris probably warned me about, but there's something called an AI gateway. It's just simply an AI safety thing that I personally highly recommend that we use. It is physically capable of handling all AI related prompts or any activity that ever gets generated in the organization is forced to go through this device. And it does all kinds of checks. It will strip out any personal information, financial information, keys. You name it. You can set it the way you like. And it can either mask the data and change it to something different if someone tries to do something or it would block the request. May not sound very sexy, but in reality have your data leaving the premises. So that comes pre-built into the solution. I can show you as well another time, but it's got lots of logs. You can schedule it per team. You can get granular per call cost information of what the prompts cost. It's normally about .2 cents per call. It does that up. But again, it's full visibility with all the governance and compliance that you would need built in. So it gives you an organization at a hopefully very competitive price. That's kind of what I do. That's actually what I do. That's my day job. So that would be organizational wide enterprise. Yeah. Yeah. Think chat GPT, but it would be John or whoever you pick. So when we didn't really touch on it with this audio thing, our PMs could say, hey, I have an RFI. We can just speak in unison and our operators could be like, what am I supposed to do next? I don't know what I'm supposed to do, what am I supposed to do? When you're supposed to be running, this isn't listening. It's going to take us from people trying to find the data to press the audio button and be like, what the fuck am I supposed to do? So that's a bunch of words, but these are the actual calls that we used in this demo. This is the text that was sent. Sorry, I know I'm going very quickly, but the important bit is down at the bottom. The guard rails and compliance, and you can see all of the different things. So if you go to the company strategy document and get some information about it, that information immediately becomes part of the training of the models, which is not what you want. So it completely stops that from happening and gives you full visibility at a glance. So it's a very simple thing. I think it's because it ran out of cash, but this column here is the money per call that I've been running. And there is reams and reams and pages of these things. There's a bunch of stuff I can show you. So under the models, if you see here, you'll see we've got OpenAI, which is ChatGPT. I've got Anthropic, which is Claude. This one is my local one, so you would definitely, I would recommend this one. So it runs all the models locally. It doesn't matter what model you have. It checks all kinds of, let's not say it out loud, but anything that is nefarious, it checks all of that for them as well. And then this one at the bottom, OpenRouter, this is another kind of service that has a multitude of other models behind it, so you can pick and choose. And the best of breed AI function, and it all writes through here automatically. They don't have to do or touch anything, it just happens in the background. And I guess the final thing to show you, this is sort of a ChatGPT interface, but you can do comparisons. So over here we've got, you can see, sorry, I went way too quickly there, I should have actually selected the models, but depending on the different models that you've put in, you can see that you get, well, we would get different answers to what we're working on. Let me stop there, I was going to take us down rabbit holes, but I think we're going to talk within ourselves and then I'll chat to you a little bit later. Excellent. Thank you, very nice to meet you guys, hopefully get to meet you on the ground. I haven't been in Tennessee in quite a few years, my last trip was to Pigeon Forge, so I know that place pretty well. Went to an Elvis impersonation show and it was really great. Excellent, thank you for your time, we'll speak soon. Pleasure to meet you. Cheers, bye bye. That was the JW demo, looks like it went pretty good. Let's make a list of all of the actions that they recommended that we were going to do. We're going to make a list of all the actions that they recommended that we work on next for next features.